docs: fix linter errors for property-binding.md (#47687)
angular/angular: aio/content/guide/property-binding.md

In this example, `src` is the name of the `<img>` element property.

> The brackets, `[]`, cause Angular to resolve the right-hand side of the assignment as a dynamic expression.

Reviewer: "Evaluate" is the more technically accurate term here

Reviewer 2: Jeremy's correct.

We might need to reconsider removing `evaluate` from the substitution list. For now, please revert this change. 

If you want to squelch the linter message, you can flag it as an exception with the comments in this example.

```suggestion
<!-- vale Angular.Google_WordListSuggestions = NO -->

The brackets, `[]`, cause Angular to evaluate the right-hand side of the assignment as a dynamic expression.

<!-- vale Angular.Google_WordListSuggestions = NO -->
```

You can use these comments around the other exceptions below, as well.

## Setting an element property to a component property value

> You can bind the `src` property of an `<img>` element to a component's property. This is done by placing the target, `src`, in square brackets followed by an equal sign and then the property.

Reviewer: This proposal is replacing active voice with passive voice

<code-example path="attribute-binding/src/app/app.component.html" region="colSpan" header="src/app/app.component.html"></code-example>

> To turn off a button when the component says that it `isUnchanged`, type the following:

Reviewer: `disable` is the more technically accurate term

Reviewer 2: @jelbourn would `deactivate` work as an inclusive and accurate substitute for `disable`?

Reviewer: Not in this case. When we're talking about HTML controls, `disable` is the canonical term: 
https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/input#disabled
https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/Accessibility/ARIA/Attributes/aria-disabled

<code-example path="property-binding/src/app/app.component.html" region="model-property-binding" header="src/app/app.component.html"></code-example>

## Toggling button features

> To turn off a button's features depending on a Boolean value, bind the DOM `disabled` property to a property in the class that is `true` or `false`.

Reviewer 3: The actual DOM property is named [disabled](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Attributes/disabled) so renaming it to "turn off" will be rather confusing IMO.

<code-example path="property-binding/src/app/app.component.html" region="model-property-binding" header="src/app/app.component.html"></code-example>

## Toggling button features

<!-- vale Angular.Google_WordListSuggestions = NO -->

> To use a Boolean value to disable a button's features, bind the `disabled` DOM attribute to a Boolean property in the class.

Reviewer: "boolean" should be lowercase here, it is not a proper noun and the type is expressed as lower case in TypeScript's type system
